added the FF release note for muted attribute (#44723)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/153/index.md

- HTML parsing rules for {{htmlelement("select")}} elements have been updated to allow all nested elements to be parsed into DOM rather than just `<option>`, `<optgroup>`, and `<hr>`.
  This enables possible future support of [customizable select elements](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Extensions/Forms/Customizable_select).
  ([Firefox bug 2019977](https://bugzil.la/2019977)).

> - The `muted` attribute for {{htmlelement("audio", "", "muted")}} and {{htmlelement("video", "", "muted")}} elements have now been updated to reflect when it is added or removed. This attribute now also matches the state for the {{cssxref(":muted")}} CSS pseudo-class.

Reviewer: the 3rd argument in the macro is missing a "#"
```suggestion
- The `muted` attribute has now been updated for the {{htmlelement("audio", "", "#muted")}} and {{htmlelement("video", "", "#muted")}} elements to reflect when it is added to or removed from the DOM. This attribute now also matches the state of the {{cssxref(":muted")}} CSS pseudo-class.
```
